Welcome back my students so before we create the page there's something I want to do.
I want to come here and only show that page only show this if the e-mail was sent right.
So let's fix that real quick.
So if the e-mail was sent instead of doing this echo here we are going to be setting some variable to
true.
OK.
We are going to be creating a variable.
Going to be called e-mails sent or something like that.
And we got to said that's true.
Simple as that.
So now we can create a statement here and we can show that
this little guy here.
OK.
So
we're going to show this if the e-mail was sent
and let's just come here real quick.
Open up speed tags
and we're in a shorthand version.
I have one student that told me he didn't like shorthand.
He didn't like this format one time.
For some reason I love this for mice.
It's very easy to put a lot of the e-mail you don't have to put all the mail and break it where your
curly brackets or anything like that.
You can put everything inside.
Once you break it up like this I think this is a really cool way of actually using you statements.
But he didn't like it.
He was very upset.
Maybe he's watching this right now but for some reason he didn't like it.
I like it.
I don't know what you think about the short versions of the statement.
So
let's And if I guess everybody has different opinions right.
OK.
So
let's go now that variable.
I'm thinking
All right let's just try it out and see what happens.
All right.
That's not there.
Good.
OK.
So let's come back here.
Fogarty reset and OK it's working and of course we'll get this link.
Let's make sure that it goes to the right page.
So let's create that reset page.
It'll be file.
OK so let's think about what we want first of all this reset page.
I'm going to give you the code.
OK.
So don't worry about it is going to have a very simple code
and I'm just right now getting it for you guys.
Make sure you download it from either the beginning of the angel.
This section of the whole section or forgot features system or downloaded from this lecture is included.
OK so
let's see.
Let's just take this out real quick.
This is what we're going to be doing later.
OK
so code is not working correctly because this thing is
so that's the reset.
What else will we need.
We needed the registration we need this links for the Reset go back here.
And we might need the navigation
issue and
OK.
All right.
Let's try this out.
Whoops.
Michelle we have always said Peter.
OK we said that BHB Maybe I misspelled the name reset.
No I have not misspelled the name
o.
Why did it have three eights in there.
Anyway so as you can see we are able to get to this page OK.
So I don't know why I had three eights.
So let's let's see what we can do here.
Here we are going to be doing some verification on top.
Real quick and let's just do it right away instead of waiting for another lecture.
So we are going to check to see if we get any get requests.
I've got to build a function for this.
This is something that could be used all the time and we can build something better instead of using
all this messy logic.
So if we said get email and actually if I don't have that type and I don't have this on top I need both
parameters for this to pass.
OK.
I want to get also the
talking code to make this work so simple is that we are going to redirect where we're going to redirect
to.
And it's beautiful.
So now let's try to visit that page without any parameters on top.
And as you can see we have some type of error only like 7 0.
Got that
tried again.
As you can see if we get redirected.
But of course we don't want to do that now because we are going to be developing and testing to some
things.
So we're going to comment that out and we're going to continue in the next lecture.
See you guys.